Title: Maya_with_her_bouncy_curly_hai

--- Story Config ---
{
  "characters": [
    {
      "name": "Maya",
      "description": "An adventurous 5-year-old girl with curly hair and bright green rain boots",
      "image_path": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Nimbus",
      "description": "A fluffy white cloud-puppy that can shape-shift into funny objects",
      "image_path": null
    }
  ],
  "theme": "Courage and creative problem-solving",
  "age_range": "4-6 years",
  "location": {
    "setting": "The Sky-High Cloud Kingdom",
    "details": [
      "Cotton-candy clouds",
      "Rainbow slides",
      "Friendly sunbeam bridges"
    ]
  },
  "story_length_pages": 8,
  "image_style": "Soft pastel cartoon, gentle gradients, dreamy story-book feel"
}

--- Full Story Text ---
Maya, with her bouncy curly hair, loved visiting the Sky-High Cloud Kingdom. Today, she wore her favorite bright green rain boots, perfect for stomping on fluffy clouds! Her best friend, Nimbus, a little cloud-puppy, barked happily, wagging his misty tail. They bounced together on clouds that felt like soft cotton candy.

Friendly sunbeams made warm bridges between the clouds, and shiny Rainbow Slides swooshed down to sugary-pink cloud puffs. "Let's go on the biggest slide, Nimbus!" Maya giggled, running towards it. Nimbus scampered beside her, changing shape into a bouncy ball for fun.

As Maya skipped near the slide, WHOOSH! A playful little wind puff tickled past. It blew the sparkly star sticker right off her green rain boot! The sticker tumbled through the air and landed far away, on a small, quivery cloud that jiggled like jelly. "Oh no!" cried Maya. "My special sticker!"

Maya looked across the big empty space to the jiggly cloud. It seemed so far, and the cloud looked wobbly. Her tummy felt a little fluttery, like tiny butterflies were inside. "It's too far," she whispered, feeling a bit sad and scared. Nimbus nudged her hand gently with his soft, cloudy nose.

Nimbus whined softly, then did a little flip, turning into a funny teapot shape before becoming a cloud-puppy again. Maya watched him. "Wait!" she said, her eyes lighting up. "Nimbus, you can change shape! Maybe... maybe you can help us reach the sticker?"

Nimbus wagged his tail hard, understanding. Maya pointed. "Can you stretch, really long and strong, like a bridge?" Nimbus puffed himself up, took a deep breath of sky-air, and stretched… and stretched… and stretched! He became a sturdy, fluffy white bridge reaching all the way to the wobbly cloud.

Maya took a deep breath too, just like Nimbus. "Okay, I can do this," she whispered. She felt brave now. Holding onto Nimbus’s soft cloud-bridge sides, she carefully put one green boot, then the other, step by step, across the sky. She reached the jiggly cloud and quickly picked up her shiny star sticker!

Maya hurried back across the Nimbus-bridge, giggling with relief. "You did it, Nimbus! We did it!" She carefully stuck the sparkly star back onto her boot. Nimbus changed back into a happy cloud-puppy, bouncing around her feet. Feeling proud and happy, they raced together to the top of the Rainbow Slide and zoomed down with happy shouts.